Dear BloFin users,
To maintain a high-quality trading market and meet a high level of standard and industry requirements, BloFin expects to delist a batch of USDT-M Perpetual Contracts based on our periodic token reviews. Details are as follows.
Delisting Pairs:
Delisting Time
7:00 UTC, August 18, 2025
7:00 UTC, August 21, 2025
Contract Pairs
DUSDT
SENDUSDT
QUICKUSDT
SCRTUSDT
HIVEUSDT
ALUUSDT
ROAMUSDT
DOLOUSDT
SOSOUSDT
PORT3USDT
NXPCUSDT
LAUNCHCOINUSDT
XIONUSDT
GIGAUSDT
CLOUDUSDT
DUCKUSDT
HPOS10lUSDT
DMCUSDT
TANSSIUSDT
10000COQUSDT
Delisting Details:
Users are not allowed to open new positions for the aforementioned contracts starting from this announcement. Reduce-only orders for closing positions are supported.
All active and conditional orders for the above-mentioned perpetual contracts will be canceled at the delisting time.
BloFin Futures will close all positions and conduct an automatic settlement on the above-mentioned perpetual contracts at the delisting time.
Please note:
This delisting only affects BloFin contract products (including contract copy trading).
The aforementioned contracts will be delisted after the settlement is complete. Users are advised to close any open positions prior to the delisting time to avoid automatic settlement.
To safeguard users and mitigate potential risks in highly volatile market conditions, BloFin Futures may undertake additional protective measures for the aforementioned contracts without prior notice, including but not limited to adjusting the maximum leverage value, position value, and maintenance margin in each margin tier; updating funding rates (such as the interest rate and capped funding rate); changing the constituents of the price index, and updating the Mark Price with the Last Price Protected mechanism.
Should you have any questions or concerns regarding this delisting, please do not hesitate to contact our customer support team at support@blofin.com for assistance.
Thanks for your support!
BloFin Team
Aug 15, 2025
Find us on
X (Twitter)
Instagram
Telegram
Discord
Youtube
BloFin reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to amend or cancel this announcement at any time and for any reason without prior notice.
Risk Warning: Digital assets are highly speculative and subject to significant volatility. They may become illiquid at any time, and investors could lose the entire value of their investment. Before trading any digital asset, you should conduct your own research and assess your risk tolerance. BloFin is not liable for any losses you may incur from trading digital assets. This material should not be construed as financial advice. For more information, view our Terms of Use and Risk Warning.