Dear Users, BingX Spot will be listing Succinct (PROVE). Details are as follows: • Trading Pair(s): PROVE/USDT • PROVE Deposit Time: 2025-08-05, 03:00:00 (UTC+0) • PROVE Trading Time: 2025-08-05, 10:00:00 (UTC+0) • PROVE Withdrawal Time: 2025-08-06, 10:00:00 (UTC+0) Supported network for the aforementioned asset include: BEP20 Join PROVE spot trading events to earn more rewards. >>Join Now<< What is PROVE? Succinct proves the world's software. It coordinates hardware teams, infrastructure operators, and application developers to facilitate the generation of zero knowledge proofs. Application developers send programs in normal code that are wrapped with SP1 to the Succinct Network. This allows the infrastructure layer and hardware teams, jointly called provers, to compete to generate proofs of the programs' execution. Sending your proofs to the Succinct Network feels just like running normal code. You can use the network to request proofs for ZK rollups, bridges, games, oracles, AI agents, and more. Via an auction-based approach, proofs are competitively priced and procured from the network of provers. Investment Risk Warning: Cryptocurrencies are highly volatile and subject to various risks, including market, project, technical and compliance-related uncertainties. Therefore, you may experience potential investment losses due to high volatility and various risks associated. Exercise caution, stay informed on the potential risks and invest prudently. BingX remains committed to providing an enhanced trading experience and services. Thank you for your continued support and understanding. Note: 1. Please make sure that the selected chain or network on BingX is consistent with the platform you're performing the withdrawal or deposit to avoid unnecessary losses. 2. The platform will automatically adjust the relevant parameter limits for spot trading based on market liquidity. If you have any questions, please contact our 24/7 online support. 3. The listing time specified in the announcement is for reference only. We will open the trading service once the deposit requirement for the above asset is met. The actual opening time shall prevail. BingX Operation Team 2025-08-05 BingX Official Channels BingX Web: https://bingx.com BingX Blog: https://blog.bingx.com Telegram: https://t.me/BingXOfficial X: https://x.com/BingXOfficial YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/c/bingx Risk Disclaimer Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk and price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser prior to making any investment. This material is for reference only and should not be construed as financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your investment decisions. BingX is not responsible for any losses you may incur. BingX attaches great importance to compliance and strictly abides by local regulations. Please obey local laws and regulations in your country or region. BingX reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend, change, or cancel this announcement at any time and for any reason without prior notice. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Use and Risk Warning.