Dear Users,
To better protect user rights and interests, Bitunix continues to improve internal controls, upgrade audit standards, and strengthen comprehensive risk control mechanisms. Bitunix will delist certain tokens and adjust trading pairs in accordance with platform regulations. After internal review, the following tokens have shown abnormal performance, low liquidity, or lack of active development. As a result, Bitunix will proceed with delisting and risk control actions. At the same time, Bitunix will regularly optimize relevant rules and processes to ensure a healthier trading environment for listed projects. These changes include suspending spot trading and Convert features for the affected tokens.
Based on the criteria above, Bitunix will delist PlaysOut (PLAY), BULLA (BULLA) on August 7, 2025.
To avoid unnecessary losses or disruptions, please complete any related operations within the specified time frame. We recommend that you take necessary action in advance, such as converting any remaining balances or cancelling active orders.
Deposit and Withdrawal
Deposit of the tokens: suspended.
Withdrawal Suspension: September 7, 2025, 09:00 (UTC)
Spot Trading
Bitunix will delist the following spot trading pairs on August 7, 2025, at 09:00 (UTC):  PLAY/USDT, BULLA/USDT If users have any open orders for these trading pairs before delisting, they will be cancelled automatically.
Convert
Bitunix Convert will disable the convert for the above-mentioned tokens on August 7, 2025, at 09:00 (UTC). At the same time, small balance conversion to USDT for these tokens will also be removed. We recommend that users convert their small balances in advance.
We apologize for any inconvenience caused by the adjustment of currency and transaction pairs. If you encounter any problems during the process, please contact us via our live chat or email us at support@bitunix.com.
Thank you for your support!
The Bitunix Team
August 7, 2025
Follow Bitunix on social media:
X: https://x.com/bitunixofficial
Telegram: https://t.me/bitunixglobal
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/bitunix
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/bitunixofficial
*Risk Warning:
The cryptocurrency market is available worldwide 24 x 7 for trading with no market close or open times. Please do your own risk assessment when deciding how to invest in cryptocurrency and blockchain technology. Bitunix attempts to screen all projects before they come to market. However, even with the best due diligence, there are still possible risks when investing. Bitunix is not liable for investment gains or losses.