Dear CoinEx users,
To provide you with more trading options, after rigorous reviews, CoinEx will list TOWNS (Towns) on Aug 5, 2025. The details are as follows:
List Time
1. Deposit: 10:30 on Aug 5 (UTC)
2. Withdrawal: 10:30 on Aug 5 (UTC)
3. Trading pair: TOWNS/USDT
4. Opening method: Call Auction
a. Call Auction
14:30-14:35 Aug 5 (UTC)
Orders can be placed and canceled
14:35-14:40 Aug 5 (UTC)
Orders can be placed but cannot be canceled
b. Trading
14:40 Aug 5 (UTC)
5. Service support: TOWNS/USDT supports AMM, Spot Grid, and Auto-Invest Plan.
TOWNS (Base): 0x00000000a22c618fd6b4d7e9a335c4b96b189a38
About TOWNS
Towns Protocol is an open source protocol for building decentralized real-time messaging apps. It consists of an EVM-compatible L2 chain, decentralized off-chain stream nodes, and smart contracts that are deployed on Base. Towns allows people to create programmable communication use cases, referred to as “Spaces,” in a permissionless manner. These Spaces are ownable, feature on-chain subscriptions (”Memberships”), an extendable reputation system, and end-to-end message encryption.
Learn more about TOWNS>>
About Automated Market Making (AMM)
AMM is supported for the TOWNS/USDT market. CoinEx AMM allows every user to become a market maker. By adding liquidity to the liquidity pool, users can share 50% of the trading fees earned in this market. The fee dividends are calculated daily. Learn about AMM >>
About Spot Grid
Spot Grid is supported for the TOWNS/USDT market. Spot Grid is a trading strategy suitable for volatile markets. It helps you capture profits in market fluctuations by automatically executing buy low and sell high within a certain market range 24 hours a day. Learn about Spot Grid >>
About Auto-Invest Plan
Auto-Invest Plan is supported for the TOWNS/USDT market. CoinEx Auto-Invest Plan is a trading strategy that helps you automatically accumulate crypto assets via pre-set investment and recurring cycles. It has the advantages of automatic execution, convenience, and friendly entry. With a minimum of 1 USDT, you can make stable investments and realize wealth growth. Learn about Auto-Invest Plan >>
Risk Reminder
Crypto products are innovative investment products with large price fluctuations as well as high investment risks. Therefore, please evaluate and invest wisely based on your risk tolerance and financial resources.
CoinEx reserves the final interpretation of this announcement.
CoinEx Team
Aug 5, 2025
· Invite friends to register and share up to 40% trading fee rebate. More free vouchers await you >>>
· Learn about CoinEx’s latest coin listing info in the New Listing zone >>>
· Join CoinEx official community to get the latest asset listing updates and unlock exclusive benefits >>>
· Follow CoinEx Global Twitter to learn about the latest market trends and win gifts >>>