Dear Users,To enhance your trading experience and optimize spot market liquidity, BingX will delist trading pairs that breach our Token Management Rules or present high risk, in response to user feedback. Affected spot trading pairs:STEEM/USDT, OAS/USDT, FIS/USDT, COS/USDT, BSV/USDT, DCR/USDT, and FIO/USDT BingX will conduct an asset buyback as the deposits and withdrawals for the aforementioned assets are no longer supported. Details are as follows: BingX will delist the aforementioned spot trading pairs on 2025-08-04 at 03:00 (UTC). Please cancel your orders in advance. If no action is taken, the system will automatically cancel your orders at the scheduled time. This process may take 1 to 3 business days, and we appreciate your patience and understanding during this time. After the delisting, BingX will take an asset snapshot and calculate the buyback in USDT for holders based on the 7-day average close price of the aforementioned pairs from 2025-07-28 16:00 to 2025-08-03 16:00 (UTC). The BingX buyback plan will be completed within 10 calendar days after delisting. Please check your Fund Account once the buyback is completed. No further announcements will be made. BingX will assist with any issues that arise during this period. If you have questions, please contact our online support team at any time. Please be reminded that cryptocurrencies are highly volatile and carry various risks, and that trading cryptocurrencies can result in investment losses. Please stay informed and invest prudently. BingX remains committed to delivering an improved trading experience and services. Thank you for your continued support and understanding! BingX Operation Team 2025-07-29 BingX Official Channels BingX App: https://bingx.com/download/ BingX Official Website: https://bingx.com Telegram: https://t.me/BingXOfficial X: https://x.com/BingXOfficial YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/c/bingx Risk Disclaimer Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk and price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser prior to making any investment. This material is for reference only and should not be construed as financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your investment decisions. BingX is not responsible for any losses you may incur. BingX attaches great importance to compliance and has strictly abided by local regulations. Please obey local laws and regulations in your country or region. BingX reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend, change, or cancel this announcement at any time and for any reason without prior notice. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Use and Risk Warning.