Dear Users,BingX periodically reviews the assets listed on our platform to ensure an optimal futures trading experience. When a trading pair no longer meets the listing standard or there are significant market changes, we will conduct an in-depth review and potentially delist it.As the platform is committed to providing a good trading experience, BingX will delist some trading pairs temporarily from Perpetual Futures on 2025-08-08 17:00 (UTC+8).Details are as follows:1. Suspension of New Orders: Starting from 2025-08-05 17:00 (UTC+8), new order openings for the affected trading pairs will be suspended. The TROLLSOL/USDT pair has already been restricted for new positions since 2025-08-01 08:00 (UTC+8). For details, please refer to: Notice on the Suspension of Opening New Positions for TROLLSOL/USDT in Perpetual Futures. Existing positions can still be closed normally.2. The affected pairs will be delisted on 2025-08-08 at 17:00 (UTC+8). Positions that are not closed in time will be closed by the system at the delisting time. Please manage your positions before the delisting to avoid any unnecessary losses.Affected Pairs:Perpetual Futures: RDNTUSDT, BLUEFINUSDT, CBKUSDT, TROLLSOLUSDTNotes:1. This delisting only affects BingX Futures products (including Futures Copy Trading and Futures Grid). It doesn't affect BingX Spot.2. The affected pairs will cease trading and be delisted for both Copy Trading and Grid Trading. Additionally, all existing positions will be automatically closed at the time of delisting. Users are recommended to close the affected positions before the delisting. BingX Operation Team2025-08-05 (UTC+8) BingX Official ChannelsBingX App: https://bingx.com/download/BingX Web: https://bingx.comTelegram: https://t.me/BingXOfficialX: https://twitter.com/BingXOfficialYouTube: https://www.youtube.com/c/bingx Risk Warning: Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk and price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser prior to making any investment. This material is for reference only and should not be construed as financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your investment decisions. BingX is not responsible for any losses you may incur. BingX attaches great importance to compliance and has strictly abided by local regulations. Please obey local laws and regulations in your country or region. BingX reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend, change, or cancel this announcement at any time and for any reason without prior notice. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Use and Risk Warning.