Dear Users, To ensure a positive trading experience for BingX users and improve liquidity in the spot market, BingX adheres to the Token Management Rules and actively considers users feedback. Any assets that violate these rules or pose high risks will be delisted. Affected spot trading pairs: JWIF/USDT, HABIBI/USDT, ASSAI/USDT, ELYPONG/USDT, TFT/USDT and ETS/USDT BingX will delist the aforementioned spot trading pairs on 2025-08-08 at 03:00:00 (UTC). Please cancel your orders in advance. If you do not cancel your order, the system will automatically cancel it at the specified time. This process may take 1 to 3 workdays, so we appreciate your patience during this time. Deposits for JWIF, HABIBI, ASSAI, ELYPONG, TFT and ETS have been suspended, and it will not be reopened in the future. Withdrawals for JWIF, HABIBI, ASSAI, ELYPONG, TFT and ETS will be suspended on 2025-11-07 at 16:00:00 (UTC), and it will not be reopened in the future. Please make sure to process your withdrawals in advance. The Convert Crypto Dust into USDT feature will be disabled 2 calendar days prior to delisting and will not be available afterward. Please convert your assets in advance. BingX will assist users with any related issues that may arise during the period aforementioned. Feel free to reach out to our online support if you have any questions. BingX would also like to remind users that cryptocurrencies are highly volatile and come with various risks. Therefore, you may experience potential investment losses due to high volatility and associated risks. Please exercise caution, stay informed about potential risks and invest prudently. BingX remains committed to delivering an improved trading experience and services. Thank you for your continued support and understanding! BingX Operation Team 2025-08-08 BingX Official Channels BingX Web: https://bingx.com BingX Blog: https://blog.bingx.com Telegram: https://t.me/BingXOfficial X: https://x.com/BingXOfficial YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/c/bingx Risk Disclaimer Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk and price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser prior to making any investment. This material is for reference only and should not be construed as financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your investment decisions. BingX is not responsible for any losses you may incur. BingX attaches great importance to compliance and strictly abides by local regulations. Please obey local laws and regulations in your country or region. BingX reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend, change, or cancel this announcement at any time and for any reason without prior notice. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Use and Risk Warning.