Bitget Spot Margin Announcement on Suspension of LOKA/USDT Margin Trading Services
Bitget spot margin will remove the following trading pairs and close the trading function at 03:00 on July 25, 2025 (UTC): LOKA/USDT (All will be referred to as “relevant trading pair” in the following content.) The details are below: Suspension borrowing and lending features Bitget has closed the borrowing and lending of relevant trading pair. Positions will be closed and liquidated, and the trading feature will be unavailable Bitget will automatically close the positions of users who still hold positions in the relevant pair at 03:00 on July 25, 2025 (UTC)., cancel all pending orders in the margin accounts for the relevant pairs, and liquidate any outstanding liabilities of users. Margin trading services of the relevant trading pairs will be closed. Assets related to the relevant trading pairs will be transferred to spot account automatically. Users are strongly advised to close positions, withdraw orders, repay loans, and transfer funds related to the relevant pairs beforehand to avoid any potential losses. For Cross-margin, your position of all the tokens may be liquidated to transfer delisted tokens to spot account. Thank you for your support and understanding! Risk warning: Cryptocurrencies are subject to market risk and volatility, and your investments are at your sole discretion, and you are solely responsible and liable for the potential risks associated with your transactions. Bitget assumes no responsibility. Margin trading has the potential for higher returns and higher risks. Your margins and balances may be liquidated in the event of market fluctuations. Be aware of the risks involved and prepare appropriate risk response strategies in a timely manner. The information provided here should not be considered as financial or investment advice. Join Bitget, the World's Leading Crypto Exchange and Web3 Company Sign up on Bitget now >>> Follow us on Twitter >>> Join our Community >>>