Notice of Delisting 4 Spot Trading Pairs on 17 July 2025
Each digital asset we list is regularly reviewed for quality assurance to ensure it adheres to our platform standards. In addition to the security and stability of the digital asset’s network, we consider numerous other factors in our evaluation process, including: Trading volume and liquidity Team involvement in the project Development of the project Network or smart contract stability Activeness of the community Responsiveness of the project Negligence or unethical conduct In light of a recent periodic review, Bitget is delisting a total of 4 trading pairs on 17 July 2025, 10:00 (UTC). Details are as follows: FIRE/USDT, ROUTE/USDT, ZEROLEND/USDT, VRTX/USDT Users are advised to note that: 1. Deposit services for the delisting pair are now suspended. 2. Withdrawals will remain open for users until 17 October 2025, 10:00 (UTC) 3. Please note that all pending trade orders for the mentioned pair will automatically be cancelled. 4. Bitget will delist the following trading pairs from the unified account (spot trading) on 17 July 2025, 9:00 (UTC): FIRE/USDT, ROUTE/USDT, ZEROLEND/USDT, VRTX/USDT All unfilled spot orders for these pairs will be automatically canceled. These pairs will no longer be available for spot trading under the unified account. Assets related to the delisted pairs can no longer be transferred into the unified account. Any remaining assets of the delisted trading pairs in the unified account will be automatically transferred to the classic account (spot trading). We strongly recommend that users manage any open orders related to the delisted pairs and transfer relevant assets from the unified account to the funding account in advance to avoid potential losses. 5. The following trading pair will be removed from Bitget spot trading bots on 17 July 2025, 10:00 (UTC): FIRE/USDT, ROUTE/USDT, VRTX/USDT After removal, the system will automatically cancel any pending orders and return the relevant assets to your account. Users will be unable to create any new bots with the delisted trading pairs. Users will no longer be able to publish running bots with the delisted trading pairs to the Recommended section of the bot copy trading page. Bots with the delisted trading pairs that are listed in the Recommended section of the bot copy trading page will be removed. Users are strongly advised to terminate bots with this active trading pair to avoid any potential losses. Thank you for your support and understanding! Disclaimer Cryptocurrencies are subjected to high market risk and volatility despite high growth potential. Users are strongly advised to do their research and invest at their own risk. Join Bitget, the World's Leading Crypto Exchange and Web3 Company Sign up on Bitget now >>> Follow us on Twitter >>> Join our Community >>>