Announcement on Bitget Crypto Loans coin delisting
Bitget Crypto Loans will delist the following coins and discontinue their corresponding lending services on June 13, 2025, 3:00 PM (UTC+8). Type Coins Borrow LEVER Users borrowing in the above currencies are advised to repay the loans as soon as possible to avoid potential losses. Additional details: Suspension of borrowing and lending services Bitget Crypto Loans has suspended borrowing and lending services for the relevant coins. Users can go to Crypto Loans History >Current Loan Orders to view the coins under borrowing. System liquidation and repayment For users who still hold LEVER loans as of June 13, 2025, at 3:00 PM (UTC+8), Bitget Crypto Loans will perform automated liquidation for ongoing lending orders. The remaining principal and collaterals will be returned to the user's spot account upon completion of liquidation. Users can visit the Crypto Loans page > History > Status > System Liquidation to view details. Users are strongly advised to repay loans in advance to avoid potential losses. Thank you for your support and understanding! Risk warning: Cryptocurrencies are subject to market risk and volatility, and your investments are at your sole discretion. You are solely responsible and liable for the potential risks associated with your transactions. Bitget holds no responsibility. Margin trading offers the potential for increased returns but comes with higher risks. Your margins and balances may be liquidated in the event of market fluctuations. Be aware of the risks involved and prepare appropriate risk response strategies in a timely manner. Please note that the information provided here should not be regarded as financial or investment advice. Disclaimer Cryptocurrencies are subject to high market risk and volatility despite high growth potential. Users should make investment decisions on their own behalf and invest at their own discretion. Bitget shall not be liable for any investment losses. Join Bitget, the World's Largest Crypto copy trading platform Sign up on Bitget now >>> Follow us on Twitter >>> Join our Community >>>