Dear Bitunix users, To better protect user interests, Bitunix continuously adjusts and upgrades its review standards while comprehensively optimizing risk control rules. Bitunix conducts regular reviews of listed digital assets and will promptly reassess projects with insufficient liquidity, low activity, or potential security risks. At the same time, Bitunix closely monitors regulatory changes to ensure that listed digital assets comply with relevant regulatory requirements and may take measures such as suspending trading or delisting trading pairs if necessary. Based on the above criteria, Bitunix will delist Retard Finder Coin (RFC) from futures market on August 8, 2025. Spot trading for RFC/USDT will not be affected. In order to avoid bringing you unnecessary troubles and prevent you from suffering irreparable losses, please take all reasonable and necessary measures to properly handle the digital assets held by you within the following period. Futures TradingBitunix Futures will automatically settle and delist the following USDT-margined perpetual futures trading pairs on August 8, 2025, at 04:00 (UTC): RFC/USDT If users still hold positions in these USDT-margined perpetual futures at the time of settlement, the system will automatically settle and close the positions. Users are advised to close their positions in advance and avoid opening new positions to prevent unnecessary risks.In order to protect users and prevent potential risks in extremely volatile market conditions, Bitunix may undertake additional protective actions toward the trading pairs without further announcement, including but not limited to adjusting the risk limit tiers, maximum leverage value, position value, and maintenance margin rate, updating funding rates, such as the interest rate and funding rate, and using the Last Price Protected mechanism to update the Mark Price. We apologize for any inconvenience caused by the adjustment of currency and transaction pairs. If you encounter any problems during the process, please contact us via our live chat or email us at support@bitunix.com. Thank you for your support! Bitunix TeamAugust 7, 2025 Follow Bitunix on social media:X: https://x.com/bitunixofficialTelegram: https://t.me/bitunixglobalFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/bitunixInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/bitunixofficial *Risk Warning:The cryptocurrency market is available worldwide 30 x 7 for trading with no market close or open times. Please do your own risk assessment when deciding how to invest in cryptocurrency and blockchain technology. Bitunix attempts to screen all projects before they come to market. However, even with the best due diligence, there are still possible risks when investing. Bitunix is not liable for investment gains or losses.