Dear CoinEx users, To provide better investment options for global users, CoinEx will conduct regular reviews on all cryptos listed on our platform according to the Delisting Criteria and will delist the ones that fail to meet our standards. When conducting a review, CoinEx will comprehensively consider many factors (including but not limited to community construction and operation factors, technology development factors, transaction volume, liquidity, etc.), and make delisting decisions prudently. Therefore, we have decided to start the delisting process of the following cryptos on Jul 29, 2025. The details are as follows.Delisted CryptosOCT, GNON, ZERO, CWS, STAR, HOP, WHALE, EVMOS, TRACY Delisted PairsOCT/USDT, GNON/USDT, ZERO/USDT, CWS/USDT, STAR/USDT, HOP/USDT, WHALE/USDT, EVMOS/USDT, EVMOS/BTC, TRACY/USDT Service Termination1. Deposit of the above cryptos terminates at: 8:00 Aug 6, 2025 (UTC)2. Trading of the above cryptos terminates at: 8:00 Aug 6, 2025 (UTC)3. Withdrawal of the above cryptos terminates at: 8:00 Nov 6, 2025 (UTC) Notes1. Users who have unexecuted orders related to the to-be-delisted trading pairs, please cancel them in advance. If it fails, cancellations will be made automatically by the order system. The refunded assets can be checked in your account.2. For liquidity providers of the to-be-delisted trading pairs, please withdraw the liquidity in advance. If the withdrawal is not made after the delisting, the system will automatically execute the withdrawal and the relevant assets will be returned to your Spot account.3. For users who are executing trading strategies, please cancel the strategies in advance. If the strategies are not canceled after the delisting, the system will automatically execute the cancellations.4. Deposit, withdrawal, and trading of the above cryptos will be terminated precisely as scheduled, and these cryptos will no longer be available for deposit, withdrawal, or trading after delisting.5. For holders of the to-be-delisted cryptos, please make sure to complete the withdrawal or asset replacement (transaction/swap) before the delisting to avoid unnecessary losses.6. If your balance of the to-be-delisted crypto is less than the minimum order amount, you can convert your assets into CET via the Small Asset Converter. For more info, please refer to Convert Small Assets into CET. Risk ReminderCrypto products are innovative investment products with large price fluctuations as well as high investment risks. Therefore, please evaluate and invest wisely based on your risk tolerance and financial resources. We apologize for any inconvenience caused.CoinEx reserves the right of final interpretation of this announcement. CoinEx TeamJul 29, 2025