Dear WEEX Users, We are excited to announce that Metis (METIS) will be listed on WEEX Spot! Our team has diligently prepared and tested to ensure a secure and stable trading environment for your transactions. To celebrate, we've prepared a trading event for you with a prize pool of 1,000 USDT. Listing Time: May 7, 2024, 6AM UTC 1,000 USDT Up for Grabs (the first 100 traders) Event Period: May 7, 2024, 6AM UTC – May 14, 2024, 6AM UTC Trade Now: METIS/USDT spot trading pairs Register Instantly Here (Fastest Signup in Crypto) Trading Event Rules 1. The first 100 traders will have the chance to share $500 worth of $METIS and $500 WEEX futures pro bonus 2. One week after listing, the system will automatically distribute a bonus to the winner’s account and announce the winner’s UID. Please check the announcement. About Metis (METIS) MetisDAO is a decentralized economic platform designed to facilitate the launch, operation, and growth of any decentralized application, business, or community on the blockchain in a convenient and scalable manner. Through this system, individuals can quickly establish a distributed enterprise (DAC) and integrate and share resources. Metis is built on a Layer2 protocol as an open framework, primarily used for the creation, management, and development of DACs to fully support the transition of applications and businesses from Web 2.0 to Web 3.0. $METIS serves as the governance token of the Metis ecosystem, required for initiating the Metis virtual machine and establishing DACs, which need to hold a certain amount of METIS tokens. Similar to Layer1, all transactions invoking the Metis protocol on Layer 2 require payment of gas fees in METIS tokens. Token (ETH)：0x9E32b13ce7f2E80A01932B42553652E053D6ed8e Website | X | CMC Activity Instructions This event does not require KYC; This event is only available for users in English-speaking regions. Users outside of the activity scope cannot participate. For inquiries, please contact customer service; Rewards will be distributed within 7 working days after the end of the event; If there are behaviours such as bulk registration, malicious brushing, cheating, illegal, fraudulent, or other harmful purposes, WEEX will strictly review and cancel the participation and winning qualifications; WEEX reserves the right to modify or change the terms and conditions of the activity at any time without further notice, including but not limited to cancelling, extending, terminating, or suspending this activity, and all participants shall be bound by the revised terms; The final interpretation of this activity belongs to WEEX. If you have any questions, please contact online customer service. - Thank you for your support of WEEX! WEEX TeamFind us on: Twitter | Telegram | Medium | Facebook | Discord｜LinkedIn｜Blog Sign up for a WEEX account now: https://www.weex.com/register [Supported Platforms]: CoinMarketCap| Feixiaohao| Cryptowisser.com| Coingecko| Coincarp Enjoy trading on WEEX.