Dear WEEX Users, We are excited to announce that Highstreet (HIGH) is now available on WEEX Futures Pro & Spot! Our team has diligently prepared and tested to ensure a secure and stable trading environment for your transactions. To celebrate, we've prepared a trading event for you with a prize pool of 2,000 USDT. Listing Time: June 13, 2024, 6AM UTC 2,000 USDT Up for Grabs (the first 100 traders) Event Period: June 13, 2024, 6AM UTC – June 20, 2024, 6AM UTC Trade Now: HIGH/USDT Futures Pro trading pair (0% Fees on Eleven Futures Pro Trading Pairs! Trade At No Cost!) HIGH/USDT Spot trading pair Register Instantly Here (Fastest Signup in Crypto) Trading Event Rules 1. The first 100 traders will have the chance to share $1,000 worth of $HIGH and $1,000 WEEX futures pro bonus 2. One week after listing, the system will automatically distribute a bonus to the winner’s account and announce the winner’s UID. Please check the announcement. Activity Instructions This event does not require KYC; This event is only available for users in English-speaking regions. Users outside of the activity scope cannot participate. For inquiries, please contact customer service; Rewards will be distributed within 7 working days after the end of the event; If there are behaviours such as bulk registration, malicious brushing, cheating, illegal, fraudulent, or other harmful purposes, WEEX will strictly review and cancel the participation and winning qualifications; WEEX reserves the right to modify or change the terms and conditions of the activity at any time without further notice, including but not limited to cancelling, extending, terminating, or suspending this activity, and all participants shall be bound by the revised terms; The final interpretation of this activity belongs to WEEX. If you have any questions, please contact online customer service. - Thank you for your support of WEEX! WEEX TeamFind us on: Twitter | Telegram | Medium | Facebook | Discord｜LinkedIn｜Blog Sign up for a WEEX account now: https://www.weex.com/register [Supported Platforms]: CoinMarketCap| Feixiaohao| Cryptowisser.com| Coingecko| Coincarp Enjoy trading on WEEX.