Dear WEEX Users, We are excited to announce that Aevo (AEVO) will be listed on WEEX Spot! Our team has diligently prepared and tested to ensure a secure and stable trading environment for your transactions. To celebrate, we've prepared a trading event for you with a prize pool of 1,000 USDT. Listing Time: May 7, 2024, 6AM UTC 1,000 USDT Up for Grabs (the first 100 traders) Event Period: May 7, 2024, 6AM UTC – May 14, 2024, 6AM UTC Trade Now: AEVO/USDT spot trading pairs Register Instantly Here (Fastest Signup in Crypto) Trading Event Rules 1. The first 100 traders will have the chance to share $500 worth of $AEVO and $500 WEEX futures pro bonus 2. One week after listing, the system will automatically distribute a bonus to the winner’s account and announce the winner’s UID. Please check the announcement. About Aevo (AEVO) Aevo, launched by the Ribbon Finance team in September 2022, is currently the most popular decentralized derivatives exchange. $AEVO is the governance token for Aevo, with a maximum supply of 1 billion and a circulating supply of 110 million units. Token holders can vote on network upgrades, new trading pairs, and DAO governance. Additionally, users who stake AEVO will receive trading fee discounts on the Aevo exchange and earn higher rewards in Aevo's trader incentive program. Since AEVO is built by the same team that launched Ribbon Finance, RBN holders will be able to convert their $RBN into $AEVO at a 1:1 ratio. Token (ETH)：0xB528edBef013aff855ac3c50b381f253aF13b997 Website | X | CMC Activity Instructions This event does not require KYC; This event is only available for users in English-speaking regions. Users outside of the activity scope cannot participate. For inquiries, please contact customer service; Rewards will be distributed within 7 working days after the end of the event; If there are behaviours such as bulk registration, malicious brushing, cheating, illegal, fraudulent, or other harmful purposes, WEEX will strictly review and cancel the participation and winning qualifications; WEEX reserves the right to modify or change the terms and conditions of the activity at any time without further notice, including but not limited to cancelling, extending, terminating, or suspending this activity, and all participants shall be bound by the revised terms; The final interpretation of this activity belongs to WEEX. If you have any questions, please contact online customer service. - Thank you for your support of WEEX! WEEX TeamFind us on: Twitter | Telegram | Medium | Facebook | Discord｜LinkedIn｜Blog Sign up for a WEEX account now: https://www.weex.com/register [Supported Platforms]: CoinMarketCap| Feixiaohao| Cryptowisser.com| Coingecko| Coincarp Enjoy trading on WEEX.