Dear WEEX Users, We are excited to announce that Axelar (AXL) will be listed on WEEX Spot! Our team has diligently prepared and tested to ensure a secure and stable trading environment for your transactions. To celebrate, we've prepared a trading event for you with a prize pool of 1,000 USDT. Listing Time: May 7, 2024, 6AM UTC 1,000 USDT Up for Grabs (the first 100 traders) Event Period: May 7, 2024, 6AM UTC – May 14, 2024, 6AM UTC Trade Now: AXL/USDT spot trading pairs Register Instantly Here (Fastest Signup in Crypto) Trading Event Rules 1. The first 100 traders will have the chance to share $500 worth of $AXL and $500 WEEX futures pro bonus 2. One week after listing, the system will automatically distribute a bonus to the winner’s account and announce the winner’s UID. Please check the announcement. About Axelar (AXL) Axelar is a cross-chain interoperability project that is based on cross-chain technology and, building on the concepts of cross-chain and multichain, introduces the concept of "interchain." It is dedicated to providing a unified development environment for all Web3 applications. To achieve this, in 2024 Axelar developed the Axelar Virtual Machine (AVM) based on CosmWasm, and introduced a variety of development tools like Interchain Amplifier and Interchain Maestro. This transition transformed Axelar from a cross-chain layer focused on message and asset transfers to a programmable layer capable of executing more complex operations through smart contracts. $AXL, the utility token for the Axelar network, serves various roles, including network consensus, governance, development, and payments. In the future, the AXL token will become deflationary, which is expected to further drive the network's positive growth. Token (ETH)：0x467719aD09025FcC6cF6F8311755809d45a5E5f3 Website | X | CMC Activity Instructions This event does not require KYC; This event is only available for users in English-speaking regions. Users outside of the activity scope cannot participate. For inquiries, please contact customer service; Rewards will be distributed within 7 working days after the end of the event; If there are behaviours such as bulk registration, malicious brushing, cheating, illegal, fraudulent, or other harmful purposes, WEEX will strictly review and cancel the participation and winning qualifications; WEEX reserves the right to modify or change the terms and conditions of the activity at any time without further notice, including but not limited to cancelling, extending, terminating, or suspending this activity, and all participants shall be bound by the revised terms; The final interpretation of this activity belongs to WEEX. If you have any questions, please contact online customer service. - Thank you for your support of WEEX! WEEX TeamFind us on: Twitter | Telegram | Medium | Facebook | Discord｜LinkedIn｜Blog Sign up for a WEEX account now: https://www.weex.com/register [Supported Platforms]: CoinMarketCap| Feixiaohao| Cryptowisser.com| Coingecko| Coincarp Enjoy trading on WEEX.